hey how's it going Dave 2d here so this
is the new second-generation ROG scar so
the Strix g50 4GS this is the newly
updated version of the Strix line the
top surface is still metal but it's a
little boxy err in shape now it just has
some simple rounded corners with the
brushed texture the big change though is
the logo it can now change colors it
used to be locked into that old-school
gamer red color which honestly was
getting really stale now you can channel
your inner rainbow and just let it rip
the build quality and reliability of the
Strix laptops I've always been pretty
good I think that's why they do so well
on Amazon like people buy them they use
them for a while and they have a good
experience with them so that's why the
ratings are so high it is a
predominantly plastic device so that's
the weird thing top panel is metal but
the inside the bottom panel decides
they're all polycarbonate but it's
really rigid like there are laptops out
there that use metal materials that
don't feel as sturdy as this the Strix
laptops are built well now new for this
year is also a light strip upfront and I
really like this thing it's one of the
more unique features on this laptop you
get full control on the software and
there's two regions to light up and I
just find this relaxing there's
something nice and kind of soothing
about this pastel color and the other
thing is not obnoxious right like a lot
of RGB lights on laptop searches on the
front or the side and it's kind of
broadcasting that RGB to the world this
is like it's facing you it's kind like
your own personal RGB space I don't know
it's simple but I like it one of the
biggest changes on this laptop is the
screen so the previous generation of
Strix had some pretty thick bezels and I
think that's one of my biggest
complaints that the had about the Strix
I think a lot of people felt that way as
well this new generation has a really
thin bezel and it looks so much nicer
it's not completely bezel as there's
obviously a bit of a bezel still and
there's also a chin so they put the
webcam down here there wasn't enough
space up the top I guess to put one up
there they put at the bottom but it's
actually on the side as well it's not
even in the middle it's not something I
think a lot of gamers use but the image
isn't great and the angle isn't
particularly flattering so the display
panel itself is excellent like straight
up excellent it's brights with good
color accuracy and
fast it's 144 Hertz superfast refresh
rate we're seeing a lot of high refresh
laptops pop up in 2017 but this one is a
three millisecond panel I think it's
actually the fastest 144 Hertz panel
I've seen like the fastest response time
on 144 Hertz panel that I've seen games
look so good on this screen there's a
USB C port but it doesn't support
Thunderbolt 3 and in 2018 like mid 2018
I feel like it's just a thing that
should happen on devices like this it's
a high-end gaming laptop it's not the
most expensive one out there but
Thunderbolt 3 support is kind of not
expected but it should be there the
speakers they're good they're located on
the side so I like the location and I
don't they put new speakers in this
generation or if it's just a software
update but they sound way better than I
thought they would the mids are clean
the highs are clean and the base is
actually present but there's no cell
book I popped it open expecting a sub
there is no sub there's just really good
speakers so last year's model was tough
to open up fully you get to the RAM and
stuff easily there was a hatch but if
you needed to open it up completely to
access the fans or something it was a
huge pain in the butt this year there's
no more hatch the whole back panel pops
off easily any of access to the fans the
2 6 of ram SSD the hard drive alpha
Charlie replaced the Wi-Fi card is using
a quad antenna for a better reception
and stuff the battery down here is not
big it's a 64 watt hour piece and I'm
only getting around three and a half
hours of battery life with the screen at
250 nets you definitely need a charger
if you're gonna bring it to class or
work or whatever because three and a
half hours is not gonna cut it for a
full day the keyboard this is a
comfortable keyboard good travel layout
takes a little bit of time to get used
to because of the arrow key placement
between the number pad but the keyboard
is good overall the lighting is OK it's
a four zone I wish it was individually
lit and there's clear WASD keys here
which are unique but I don't know
they're not for me there's something
about this translucent material that
makes it kind of look unfinished the
color from the lighting just blasts
through these key caps but I don't love
the look the trackpad this is a much
improved track ride from the previous
generation tracking is really accurate
it's using Windows precision drivers and
there's dedicated hardware buttons the
palm rejection could be a little better
it's picking up some occasional left
palm action when I press the spacebar
but it's pretty minor so
performance is strong this unit has a
gtx 1070 to go with that six core 8750 h
the cpu is a multi core beast and the
GPU just crushes it uses that 144 Hertz
panel well a lot of competitor shooters
will hit 144 Hertz even with the
graphics settings cranked up they've
also done a good job cooling it remember
it's a gtx 1070 not the max cube but a
regular 1070 and I'm not seeing
throttling in benchmarks and stuff the
temperatures are good the fans are also
not too loud it's nice to see them cool
a full 1070 without excessive fan noise
even at max load now one of the reasons
why they're able to do this is because
the device itself like I'm sure the
thermal solution is good but this device
is not an ultra thin laptop it's not
thick or anything but laptops are just
easier to cool when there's more room in
there for bigger fans and stuff like
that so this laptop is a much improved
version from the previous generation the
first generation Strix was really good
this is just that much better if you
like a C's listen to their customer base
figure out what they wanted what they
didn't want and made something that's a
really compelling purchase this one here
is the scar 2 and as a brother to this
kind of like a twin called the hero 2
which looks a little bit different but
has very similar specs but depending on
what you're looking for in terms of
aesthetics you might choose one over the
other ok hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs you
love to see you guys next time